Great work on making it this
far in the Python course!
You've put in a lot of work and
effort towards
learning more about
how you can use Python
effectively and efficiently.
Let's quickly recap the concepts
you learned throughout the videos.
First, we started by
understanding the role
of functions in Python.
They can save you a lot of time!
You learned how to incorporate
built-in functions and how to
develop your own function
to meet your needs.
We then shifted our focus
towards modules and libraries,
which gave us access to
a lot more functions than
those built into Python.
Lastly, we moved
to learning about
code readability and
best practices to
write clean,
understandable code.
With these understandings,
you're ready to
learn how powerful
Python can really be
for task automation and
how it can help you going
forward as a security analyst.
Thank you for taking the time
to go through this
course with me.
I'll meet you in
the next videos!